a 56 year old student at Oakland
University in Detroit his name is joseph
correlate and he is in a little bit of
trouble after he decided to write a
journal about how hot he is for his
teacher
alright so apparently he wrote this
article about one of his instructors by
the name of Pamela mitts mitts field
Mittal field anyways um and he basically
talking about how sexy she is and how
she's like the ginger from the
television series Gilligan's Island and
another professor is like the character
of Mary Ann and then he talks about you
know basically how much he wants them
and the instructors read this and got
very uncomfortable so they asked him to
please stop and he apparently didn't
want to like he continued to write these
journal articles and as a result one of
the instructors said look if he doesn't
leave then I'm gonna leave and now this
association known as fire or
organization known as fire it's like a
pro-gun organization is defending him
because apparently the instructor said
she's worried because he is like a gun
pro-gun advocate and she's worried that
he has a weapon and he could hurt her
yeah the first when I first looked over
just skinned this basically the headline
and then the description I didn't get
the the whole point it's like a college
student he likes his teacher but the
more you read the details the creepier
gets first these 56 mm-hm
yeah when he's older than the professor
that makes it a bit creepy it also
explains why he references Gilligan's
Island
when looking for a hot chick to compare
her to I don't think most regular
college students would do that but it
also the fact that he wouldn't stop
after they asked them to repeatedly and
then with the gun it gets a bit creepier
yeah he's a super creepy student I I
don't even know why fire would want to
defend him like that sexual harassment
you can't sexually harass your teachers
by talking about how much you want to
bone them
yeah that's not acceptable you see what
I'm saying like you had especially after
one of the instructors asked him to stop
like please stop it's making me
uncomfortable and you continue to do it
after that that's not okay so oh I
totally agree that he's wrong yeah I do
from the point of view of these free
speech advocacy groups not necessarily
this one but in general I think that
they're not really in the business of
picking and choosing
speech like they it's just their thing
is to defend free speech and you know I
I don't agree with that though oh I
think that they're wrong in this case
yeah I think that might be why I don't
think that free speech advocacy groups
defend all speech if it's speech that
has sexual harassment in it they don't
demel like I don't see the ACLU
defending this guy yeah I mean but they
say oh you definitely takes people from
all sides of the political no they
definitely do but this is a different
case like like I can't write you letters
about how sexy you are and how much I
want to sleep with you if like you're
uncomfortable with that that's
considered sexual harassment so the same
thing applies when you're at a
university that's true so I agree
totally creepy right banned for a year
though it's a long time good
don't write creepy letters like that to
your instructors yeah well despite that
I think you learn a lesson